Word: καταχθεντες

Etymology:
The word καταχθεντες is a Greek word that comes from the verb καταχθω, which means "to descend" or "to come down". The word is formed by adding the suffix -τες to the present participle stem καταχθεν-.

Grammar:
καταχθεντες is a participle in the Greek language, specifically a present active participle. It is declined according to gender, number, and case. In this case, καταχθεντες is masculine, plural, and nominative.

Description:
The word καταχθεντες is used in the New Testament of the Bible to describe angels who have descended from heaven. It is used in the book of Hebrews, chapter 1, verse 6, where it says "And again, when he brings the firstborn into the world, he says, 'Let all God's angels worship him.' Of the angels he says, 'He makes his angels winds, and his servants flames of fire.' But of the Son he says, 'Your throne, O God, is forever and ever, and the righteous scepter is the scepter of your kingdom. You have loved righteousness and hated lawlessness; therefore God, your God, has anointed you with the oil of gladness beyond your companions.' And, 'In the beginning, Lord, you founded the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands; they will perish, but you remain; they will all wear out like clothing, like a cloak you will roll them up, and like clothing they will be changed. But you are the same, and your years will never end.' But to which of the angels has he ever said, 'Sit at my right hand until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet'? Are not all angels spirits in the divine service, sent to serve for the sake of those who are to inherit salvation? Therefore we must pay greater attention to what we have heard, so that we do not drift away from it. For if the message declared through angels was valid, and every transgression or disobedience received a just penalty, how can we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? It was declared at first through the Lord, and it was attested to us by those who heard him, while God added his testimony by signs and wonders and various miracles, and by gifts of the Holy Spirit, distributed according to his will."